I want to help everyone. I believe that compassion allows us to overcome most differences in perspective. That said, I am also a cancer survivor (6ish years now).  Because of my experience, I understand the difficulties people that have experienced trauma must deal with on an every day basis. I understand that despite a disability a person can contribute to a culture/society with a compassion that those who have not really felt the kind of stress of impending death(I do not want to mince words) can not really grasp.  


As mentioned above I am a cancer survivor. At 24, I had to drop out of a master's program at the Korbel School to pursue treatment at MD Anderson in Houston, Texas.  I left my friends, my family, my life behind to survive a difficult disease.  In a way I had to let go of myself completely to be able to accept that identity of a young man could not comport with that of a cancer patient undergoing chemo therapy. I lost the strength to walk at some point. I spent months in a hospital bed.  I could not leave my home. I actually have some ptsd from this experience, but I hope the point is clear. Despite this, I went on to have a career at a leading media company as an analytics engineer that advised the editors of major publications on their editorial, marketing, and seo strategies.  

In addition to this I have been a caregiver. First to my father following his stroke. I spent two years with him helping to rehabilitate his ability to walk, his ability to speak, and his ability to care for himself.  It was a hard two years, but I look back on it with love.  I was able to establish a relationship with a father I had not really known growing up. I was able to be a role model for my brothers whom I also did not know.  I am also now proud of one of them that took on the role when I was diagnosed with Leukemia. The work payed off. 

As I am writing about my personal life... I also cared for my partner's mother. Well we cared for each other. She helped me during the tail end of my treatment. I helped her through a diabetes diagnosis, to learn basic English, and to navigate the city of Houston. She taught me Surinamese and basic Cantonese. I learned to cook as well.  I do not really know if I consider this time to be an adverse experience. I mean I was broke. I struggled to pay the rent... but I learned how to thrive off of the cheapest food available at the market. I picked up a language (or two).  I developed some character that I know made me into a better person.  